---
layout: post
title: Day 20 - PCT mile 226 to 240
date: '2014-05-01T14:08:00.000-07:00'
author: Noam Gal
tags:
modified_time: '2015-06-18T06:58:41.098-07:00'
thumbnail: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-9ehDKrICPXM/VL5DLCxaa5I/AAAAAAAFYRM/Lms31NboP-s/s72-c/2014-05-01%2B08.40.09.jpg
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8715620883377891841.post-6518804499382004976
blogger_orig_url: http://pct14.blogspot.com/2014/05/day-20-pct-mile-226-to-240.html
---

{% include image.html src="http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-9ehDKrICPXM/VL5DLCxaa5I/AAAAAAAFYRM/Lms31NboP-s/s1600/2014-05-01%2B08.40.09.jpg" caption="Yep. That's the PCT" %}

When I finally got out of the tent, Matt was already gone. This happens to me a lot. I took my time in the morning, as usual, and a hiker passed me even before I headed out. I later learned his name is Tim. The plan was to do a relatively short day, only 14 miles, but with a total gain of 5100 feet. The hike was basically up along Mission Creek, and it was fairly graded and easy most of the day. I passed Tim several times, but I just didn't have the energy today, and I made a lot of breaks, just staring at the creek's walls. There was plenty of water during the day, crossing the flowing stream many times. That was nice.

{% include image.html src="http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-9IwGmXUmSZ4/VL5DLEQDG3I/AAAAAAAFYRQ/MmBbIssg7o8/s1600/2014-05-01%2B13.46.29.jpg" caption="Feeling drained and tired, right before the long climb out of the creek" %}

I finally made a break at the last crossing, which by this time was crossing over a tiny little stream, got my water for the final 5 mile ascent, and rested there. Matt and Tim passed me there, until I moved my butt up hill. I was really trudging slowly, couldn't get myself motivated to finish the day. Maybe I'm not eating well enough. It took me over 3 hours to climb those 5 miles, and it wasn't a particularly difficult climb. But I got there at the end. The campsite has a very nice water source - water dripping into a barrel, and there was plenty of tent room. I met up with Tim, and Matt showed up later - apparently he took a wrong turn along the way, and that's where I passed him unknowingly. There are also three hikers from Warrior Hike over here, and another thru-hiker camping next to them. I'm hoping tonight won't be too cold (we are pretty high up, again) so I got my coat to wrap around my feet, just in case.

{% include image.html src="http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-_Y-O30kJIdQ/VL5DJCzRlrI/AAAAAAAFYRE/WNBITNVkLoc/s1600/2014-05-01%2B19.05.03.jpg" caption="Probably not an original idea, but it seems to work" %}
